Garage-sign documentation (#1728)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/keep-local-repo-on-external-storage.adoc

= Keep your repository on external storage
ifdef::env-github[]

[NOTE]
====
We recommend that you link:https://docs.ota.here.com/ota-client/latest/{docname}.html[view this article in our documentation portal]. Not all of our articles render correctly in GitHub.
====
endif::[]

Your software repository contains information on your software images and packages, as well as your Root and Targets keys.

> For safety reasons, we recommend keeping the entire local copy of the software repository on an external storage device, like a USB drive, rather than your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For safety reasons, we recommend keeping your keys offline on an external storage device, and for convenience we recommend to simply keep the entire repository structure (with the keys included) on external storage. This external device should be kept offline, in a securely locked location, and only plugged into a computer when you need to make changes to the repository.
```

Author: Changed
